A full day will be shown hourly with 10 minutes intervals from 4am - 4am. Depending on your screen size, this will appear either in horizontal (computer, laptop) or in vertical (smartphone) scrolling format.

In order to complete the diary please record what you did yesterday and answer some follow-up questions.

You have 48 hours from now in which to fill in the diary recording what activities you did yesterday.

You will be asked to provide the following information:

• Primary activity: your main activity
• Secondary activity: any activity you were doing at the same time as the primary activity
• Where were you at the time: at home, at work or in some other place
• Who you were with: combinations of e.g. spouse, children, non-household members, their gender and age group, and your degree of contact with them

Navigating through the diary:
Starting from 4am, please click on an option from the bottom of the page and drag the pointer across to select the time during which you carried out that activity. Continue to fill out the whole day to the closest 10 minutes.

Once a row has been completed, press ‘next’ to move on to the next topic. You can:

• Edit rows at any stage throughout the diary
• Increase or reduce time spent on each activity
• Delete an answer or entire row

thumbnail
Click on the image to enlarge.

Each row must be completed in full in order to be able to move onto the next row (with the exception of secondary activities).

On completing the entire diary please select ‘All done’.# How to Use the Time Use Diary

1. Click on an activity from the list on the right
2. Click on the timeline where you want to add the activity
3. Drag the edges to adjust the duration
4. Continue adding activities until your day is complete

The timeline starts at 4:00 AM yesterday and ends at 4:00 AM today.

Click Continue for tips on getting the most accurate record.
